1. Summary and Participants - Summary of Year 2 results and add new
people that worked in year 2 not already in the table on page 2.  Do
not remove people who are no longer on the project - this is a
cumulative list.

Melissa Romanus  (Rutgers)
Sharath Maddineni (LSU)

2.1  Project Activities

The primary project activities have been, (i) completion, hardening
and deployment of SAGA-Condor adaptor, (ii) testing on Open Science
Grid (OSG), (iii) Integration of SAGA-Condor adaptor within the BigJob
Pilot-Job mechanism and integration of Condor enabled BigJob within
the DARE framework of the Cactus Gateway, and (iv) support of
application groups -- Cactus-based Numerical Relativity and
Computational Biology groups.

2.2 Project Findings - I can add the Science findings based on our
Assessment Document, but you should add the project findings

2.3 Training and Development

(i) Extensive and self-contained BigJob documentation and how to use
BigJob on OSG and XSEDE

(ii) In conjunction with ECSS support (XSEDE) we developed and
delivered a BigJob tutorial at XSEDE

3.0 Journal Publications

XSEDE publications
HPDC  publications
JoGC publication
CCPE publication

4.1 Contributions within Discipline

4.2 Contributions to Other Disciplines

HealthGrid 

4.3 Contributions to Education and Human Resources

Jha taught a course on Distributed Scientific Computing at LSU in Fall
201 (and will do so again in 2012 Fall), as well as several
independent studies at Rutgers University. In each of these classrooms
as well as research-credit courses, SAGA and BigJob were introduced.
Also, as part of these courses Jha devotes a 1.5 hour lecture to
introducting OSG and XSEDE and what kind of computation each supports
as well as the software environment associated with these
infrastructure.

5.0 Conference Proceedings
