Abstractions for Life-Science Applications on Clouds

Shantenu Jha, Andre Luckow

Although multiple enterprise applications have made effective use of
Clouds, the barriers to the development of large-scale
high-performance scientific applications that can utilize Clouds in an
extensible and scalable fashion remain high.  Developing logically
and/or physically distributed applications at large-scales is
fundamentally a difficult undertaking; developing them for emerging
platforms such as Clouds is made harder due to the lack of commonly
acceptable and widely used programming models and application-level
abstractions.  Additionally, several of the challenges -- such as
coordination of multiple components, that face scientific applications
on traditional distributed environments such as Grids, carry-over to
cloud environments.

Based upon a recently submitted paper to ACM Computing Surveys
http://www.cct.lsu.edu/~sjha/select_publications/dpa_surveypaper.pdf
we present a comprehensive analysis of the usage of production
distributed infrastructure, explore abstractions that exist as well as
those that should be provided to better support the effective
development, deployment, and execution of large-scale (scientific)
high-performance applications. The advantages of such abstractions
vary from better utilization of underlying resources to the greater
flexibility in the deployment of applications, as well as lowered
development effort.  We have begun extending the framework for
analyzing logically and physically distributed applications, developed
in the paper referenced above, to specifically focus on Programming
and Systems abstractions for Dynamic, Distributed and Data-Intensive
Applications (See: http://wiki.esi.ac.uk/3DPAS).

Building upon the framework, we are developing and implementing
multiple abstractions, and applying them to support a range of
life-science applications, for example, next-generation gene
sequencing analytics and ensemble-based computing for effective drug
design.  We present some initial implementation and proof of
effectiveness of these abstractions on Azure and FutureGrid/XD.  The
ultimate goal of our work is to enable a wide range of existing,
emerging and novel life-science applications to better and effectively
utilize cloud platforms.

