1274484354.0= start time######################
init advert service session at host: fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu
created advert directory for application: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/
use standard proxy
create advert entry: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
Working directory: /work/athota1/new_bigjob/bigjob/agent
Submit pilot job to: gram://qb1.loni.org/jobmanager-pbs
Start Pilot Job/BigJob: /work/athota1/new_bigjob/bigjob/bigjob_agent_launcher.sh at: gram://qb1.loni.org/jobmanager-pbs
Pilot Job/BigJob URL: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org State: Running
initial temperature has been set for replica id 0with300
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 1with310
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 2with320
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 3with330
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 4with340
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 5with350
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 6with360
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 7with370
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 8with380
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 9with390
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 10with400
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 11with410
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 12with420
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 13with430
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 14with440
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
initial temperature has been set for replica id 15with450
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -156566.8353current temp 325.7903
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -151328.8492current temp 341.9128
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149602.1431current temp 346.9812
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -146630.1396current temp 359.3153
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501416.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501416.47######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made3
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=341.9128
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=325.7903
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501417.43######## exchange completed
count=1
exchange count=1
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -164126.5483current temp 302.7389
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -161821.7948current temp 310.9971
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -158750.0364current temp 319.2152
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -154134.6201current temp 334.4683
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149602.1431current temp 346.9812
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -146630.1396current temp 359.3153
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501449.77######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501449.77######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=310.9971
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=302.7389
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501450.12######## exchange completed
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -158750.0364current temp 319.2152
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -154134.6201current temp 334.4683
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149602.1431current temp 346.9812
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -146630.1396current temp 359.3153
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501482.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501482.48######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is4
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=334.4683
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=319.2152
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501482.85######## exchange completed
count=3
exchange count=3
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149602.1431current temp 346.9812
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -146630.1396current temp 359.3153
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501515.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501515.19######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=359.3153
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=346.9812
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501515.5######## exchange completed
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -144560.4661current temp 363.2855
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -142250.5715current temp 369.9465
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -139794.5307current temp 376.5040
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -137998.1446current temp 383.2750
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -134943.2504current temp 393.6537
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -132566.9197current temp 401.8209
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -130461.9332current temp 406.8710
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -127838.1244current temp 414.3137
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501580.21######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501580.21######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=369.9465
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=363.2855
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501580.6######## exchange completed
count=5
exchange count=5
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -139794.5307current temp 376.5040
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -137998.1446current temp 383.2750
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -134943.2504current temp 393.6537
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -132566.9197current temp 401.8209
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -130461.9332current temp 406.8710
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -127838.1244current temp 414.3137
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501612.95######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501612.95######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=383.2750
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=376.5040
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501613.26######## exchange completed
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -134943.2504current temp 393.6537
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -132566.9197current temp 401.8209
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -130461.9332current temp 406.8710
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -127838.1244current temp 414.3137
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.61######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501645.62######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501645.62######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=401.8209
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=393.6537
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501645.95######## exchange completed
count=7
exchange count=7
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -130461.9332current temp 406.8710
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -127838.1244current temp 414.3137
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501678.31######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501678.31######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=414.3137
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=406.8710
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501678.62######## exchange completed
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152690.6651current temp 338.5289
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501710.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -161526.6304current temp 313.0222
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -162953.4900current temp 307.2707
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -156064.4222current temp 327.8373
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -153936.7529current temp 334.4854
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159692.8308current temp 315.4619
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -157448.0801current temp 322.8197
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149624.9782current temp 346.7067
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152690.6651current temp 338.5289
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501743.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501743.33######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=307.2707
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=313.0222
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501743.63######## exchange completed
count=9
exchange count=9
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -156064.4222current temp 327.8373
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -153936.7529current temp 334.4854
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159692.8308current temp 315.4619
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -157448.0801current temp 322.8197
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149624.9782current temp 346.7067
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152690.6651current temp 338.5289
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501775.98######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501775.98######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=334.4854
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=327.8373
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501776.28######## exchange completed
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159692.8308current temp 315.4619
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -157448.0801current temp 322.8197
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149624.9782current temp 346.7067
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152690.6651current temp 338.5289
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501808.64######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501808.64######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=322.8197
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=315.4619
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501808.95######## exchange completed
count=11
exchange count=11
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149624.9782current temp 346.7067
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152690.6651current temp 338.5289
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -147343.9821current temp 355.1911
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -139677.4093current temp 378.3288
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -141529.7946current temp 373.0801
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -136717.5410current temp 388.1403
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -138735.6892current temp 382.2452
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
8-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501841.32######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501841.32######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=338.5289
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=346.7067
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501841.61######## exchange completed
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -147343.9821current temp 355.1911
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -149070.9720current temp 350.2011
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -143826.5727current temp 365.1598
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -145230.7220current temp 361.6534
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -139677.4093current temp 378.3288
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -141529.7946current temp 373.0801
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -136717.5410current temp 388.1403
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -138735.6892current temp 382.2452
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501873.96######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501873.96######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=350.2011
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=355.1911
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501874.42######## exchange completed
count=13
exchange count=13
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -143826.5727current temp 365.1598
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -145230.7220current temp 361.6534
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -139677.4093current temp 378.3288
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -141529.7946current temp 373.0801
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -136717.5410current temp 388.1403
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -138735.6892current temp 382.2452
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501906.78######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501906.78######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=361.6534
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=365.1598
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501907.08######## exchange completed
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -139677.4093current temp 378.3288
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -141529.7946current temp 373.0801
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -136717.5410current temp 388.1403
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -138735.6892current temp 382.2452
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501939.41######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501939.41######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=373.0801
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=378.3288
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501939.71######## exchange completed
count=15
exchange count=15
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -136717.5410current temp 388.1403
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -138735.6892current temp 382.2452
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274501972.07######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274501972.07######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=382.2452
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=388.1403
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274501972.36######## exchange completed
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -162137.1073current temp 308.4896
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -160510.6817current temp 313.5699
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -155755.2518current temp 328.6683
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -157439.6190current temp 322.7385
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158592.8097current temp 320.9378
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160285.9005current temp 315.1952
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -154790.1745current temp 331.3378
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152689.7111current temp 337.0562
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502004.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502004.71######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=313.5699
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=308.4896
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502005.01######## exchange completed
count=17
exchange count=17
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -155755.2518current temp 328.6683
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -157439.6190current temp 322.7385
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158592.8097current temp 320.9378
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160285.9005current temp 315.1952
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -154790.1745current temp 331.3378
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152689.7111current temp 337.0562
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502037.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502037.35######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=322.7385
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=328.6683
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502037.65######## exchange completed
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158592.8097current temp 320.9378
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160285.9005current temp 315.1952
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -154790.1745current temp 331.3378
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152689.7111current temp 337.0562
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502070.0######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502070.0######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=315.1952
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=320.9378
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502070.3######## exchange completed
count=19
exchange count=19
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -154790.1745current temp 331.3378
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -152689.7111current temp 337.0562
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502102.66######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502102.66######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=337.0562
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=331.3378
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502102.95######## exchange completed
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -151853.3238current temp 338.4312
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -150952.7480current temp 345.9795
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -149429.4800current temp 350.0416
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -148142.1944current temp 351.9230
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -146349.0476current temp 359.0733
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -145096.9607current temp 360.1447
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -143871.7823current temp 364.8964
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -142573.8583current temp 366.5443
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502135.33######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502135.33######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=345.9795
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=338.4312
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502135.63######## exchange completed
count=21
exchange count=21
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -149429.4800current temp 350.0416
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -148142.1944current temp 351.9230
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -146349.0476current temp 359.0733
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -145096.9607current temp 360.1447
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -143871.7823current temp 364.8964
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -142573.8583current temp 366.5443
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502167.99######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502167.99######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=351.9230
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=350.0416
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502168.3######## exchange completed
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -146349.0476current temp 359.0733
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -145096.9607current temp 360.1447
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -143871.7823current temp 364.8964
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -142573.8583current temp 366.5443
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502200.67######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502200.67######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=360.1447
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=359.0733
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502201.02######## exchange completed
count=23
exchange count=23
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -143871.7823current temp 364.8964
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -142573.8583current temp 366.5443
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502233.36######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502233.36######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=366.5443
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=364.8964
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502233.69######## exchange completed
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160586.3364current temp 313.0337
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -162172.1654current temp 308.0050
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -158577.5490current temp 322.1548
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502266.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502266.04######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=308.0050
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=313.0337
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502266.35######## exchange completed
count=25
exchange count=25
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -158305.7778current temp 321.1460
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -157579.2452current temp 322.6773
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160495.0213current temp 315.9103
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -158577.5490current temp 322.1548
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -155022.9588current temp 330.6443
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156365.8660current temp 327.1308
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502298.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502298.7######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=322.6773
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=321.1460
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502299.01######## exchange completed
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160495.0213current temp 315.9103
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -158577.5490current temp 322.1548
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -155022.9588current temp 330.6443
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156365.8660current temp 327.1308
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502331.4######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502331.4######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=322.1548
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=315.9103
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502331.72######## exchange completed
count=27
exchange count=27
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -155022.9588current temp 330.6443
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156365.8660current temp 327.1308
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502364.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502364.08######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=327.1308
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=330.6443
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502364.48######## exchange completed
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -153028.0932current temp 336.9668
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -154583.4842current temp 330.6644
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -151565.7657current temp 342.4191
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -152061.5492current temp 340.6287
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -149601.3694current temp 348.0119
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -149660.2908current temp 346.3196
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -148263.6324current temp 352.5543
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -148513.4099current temp 350.8999
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502396.82######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502396.82######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=330.6644
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=336.9668
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502397.15######## exchange completed
count=29
exchange count=29
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -151565.7657current temp 342.4191
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -152061.5492current temp 340.6287
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -149601.3694current temp 348.0119
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -149660.2908current temp 346.3196
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -148263.6324current temp 352.5543
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -148513.4099current temp 350.8999
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502429.5######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502429.5######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=340.6287
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=342.4191
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502429.79######## exchange completed
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -149601.3694current temp 348.0119
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -149660.2908current temp 346.3196
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -148263.6324current temp 352.5543
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -148513.4099current temp 350.8999
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502462.13######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502462.13######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=346.3196
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=348.0119
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502462.46######## exchange completed
count=31
exchange count=31
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -148263.6324current temp 352.5543
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -148513.4099current temp 350.8999
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502494.8######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502494.8######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=350.8999
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=352.5543
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502495.1######## exchange completed
count=32
exchange count=32
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=32
exchange count=32
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -161700.2314current temp 310.0533
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -160731.0784current temp 312.7482
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -158037.6849current temp 321.7117
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -158497.4509current temp 320.2144
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158764.0384current temp 318.3133
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -159668.7084current temp 315.2864
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157402.0922current temp 322.5325
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156163.6795current temp 327.1389
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502559.76######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502559.76######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=312.7482
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=310.0533
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502560.08######## exchange completed
count=33
exchange count=33
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -158037.6849current temp 321.7117
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -158497.4509current temp 320.2144
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158764.0384current temp 318.3133
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -159668.7084current temp 315.2864
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157402.0922current temp 322.5325
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156163.6795current temp 327.1389
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502592.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502592.46######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=320.2144
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=321.7117
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502592.75######## exchange completed
count=34
exchange count=34
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158764.0384current temp 318.3133
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -159668.7084current temp 315.2864
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157402.0922current temp 322.5325
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156163.6795current temp 327.1389
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502625.12######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502625.12######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=315.2864
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=318.3133
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502625.45######## exchange completed
count=35
exchange count=35
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157402.0922current temp 322.5325
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -156163.6795current temp 327.1389
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -156461.3073current temp 325.6572
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -152579.7907current temp 335.9602
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -152501.4798current temp 339.2727
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
8-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502657.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502657.83######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=327.1389
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=322.5325
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502658.13######## exchange completed
count=36
exchange count=36
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -156461.3073current temp 325.6572
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -154901.0906current temp 330.9663
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -153873.9544current temp 332.3568
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -153664.1366current temp 335.5104
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -152579.7907current temp 335.9602
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -152501.4798current temp 339.2727
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -151474.5385current temp 342.6401
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -151540.7655current temp 341.9350
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502690.49######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502690.49######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=330.9663
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=325.6572
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502690.8######## exchange completed
count=37
exchange count=37
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -153873.9544current temp 332.3568
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -153664.1366current temp 335.5104
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -152579.7907current temp 335.9602
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -152501.4798current temp 339.2727
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -151474.5385current temp 342.6401
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -151540.7655current temp 341.9350
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502723.15######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502723.15######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=335.5104
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=332.3568
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502723.49######## exchange completed
count=38
exchange count=38
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -152579.7907current temp 335.9602
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -152501.4798current temp 339.2727
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -151474.5385current temp 342.6401
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -151540.7655current temp 341.9350
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502755.83######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502755.83######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=339.2727
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=335.9602
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502756.15######## exchange completed
count=39
exchange count=39
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -151474.5385current temp 342.6401
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -151540.7655current temp 341.9350
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502788.49######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502788.49######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=341.9350
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=342.6401
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502788.85######## exchange completed
count=40
exchange count=40
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160795.1288current temp 313.0570
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -161714.0798current temp 312.1497
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159216.7898current temp 317.3404
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -158817.4175current temp 320.7811
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160024.1447current temp 317.9200
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160013.8248current temp 317.1922
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157606.8624current temp 322.1613
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158341.3721current temp 322.3443
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502821.19######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502821.19######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=312.1497
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=313.0570
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502821.5######## exchange completed
count=41
exchange count=41
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159216.7898current temp 317.3404
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -158817.4175current temp 320.7811
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160024.1447current temp 317.9200
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160013.8248current temp 317.1922
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157606.8624current temp 322.1613
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158341.3721current temp 322.3443
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.83######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502853.84######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502853.84######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=320.7811
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=317.3404
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502854.13######## exchange completed
count=42
exchange count=42
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160024.1447current temp 317.9200
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160013.8248current temp 317.1922
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157606.8624current temp 322.1613
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158341.3721current temp 322.3443
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502886.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502886.46######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=317.1922
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=317.9200
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502886.76######## exchange completed
count=43
exchange count=43
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157606.8624current temp 322.1613
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158341.3721current temp 322.3443
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502919.14######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502919.14######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=322.3443
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=322.1613
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502919.53######## exchange completed
count=44
exchange count=44
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -156249.1534current temp 327.3300
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -157674.4240current temp 320.8066
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -155451.4178current temp 330.4382
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -155794.2434current temp 329.9725
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -154557.6059current temp 334.1196
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -155379.6768current temp 329.1955
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -154066.9463current temp 336.7282
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154037.9914current temp 334.9407
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502951.89######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502951.89######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=320.8066
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=327.3300
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502953.06######## exchange completed
count=45
exchange count=45
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -155451.4178current temp 330.4382
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -155794.2434current temp 329.9725
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -154557.6059current temp 334.1196
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -155379.6768current temp 329.1955
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -154066.9463current temp 336.7282
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154037.9914current temp 334.9407
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274502985.42######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274502985.42######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=329.9725
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=330.4382
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274502985.73######## exchange completed
count=46
exchange count=46
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -154557.6059current temp 334.1196
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -155379.6768current temp 329.1955
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -154066.9463current temp 336.7282
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154037.9914current temp 334.9407
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503018.1######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503018.1######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=329.1955
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=334.1196
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503018.42######## exchange completed
count=47
exchange count=47
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -154066.9463current temp 336.7282
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154037.9914current temp 334.9407
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503050.78######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503050.78######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=334.9407
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=336.7282
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503051.12######## exchange completed
count=48
exchange count=48
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -161046.9811current temp 312.8539
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159051.3033current temp 317.1551
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158227.2999current temp 322.1217
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503083.46######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503083.46######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=317.1551
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=312.8539
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503083.76######## exchange completed
count=49
exchange count=49
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -160890.5571current temp 312.4656
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -159701.7929current temp 315.6120
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159574.4368current temp 316.4626
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -159400.7696current temp 318.6055
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158227.2999current temp 322.1217
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158534.3423current temp 322.0269
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503116.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503116.13######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made1
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=315.6120
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=312.4656
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503116.56######## exchange completed
count=50
exchange count=50
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159574.4368current temp 316.4626
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -159400.7696current temp 318.6055
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158227.2999current temp 322.1217
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158534.3423current temp 322.0269
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503148.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503148.92######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=318.6055
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=316.4626
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503149.27######## exchange completed
count=51
exchange count=51
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158227.2999current temp 322.1217
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158534.3423current temp 322.0269
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503181.62######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503181.62######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=322.0269
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=322.1217
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503181.95######## exchange completed
count=52
exchange count=52
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -158623.2703current temp 320.1511
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -157564.4801current temp 323.8279
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -156472.4792current temp 325.3404
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -156553.7149current temp 325.3140
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -155375.1128current temp 329.6095
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154763.1639current temp 331.7313
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503214.28######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503214.28######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=323.8279
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=320.1511
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503214.61######## exchange completed
count=53
exchange count=53
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -156764.3239current temp 325.2121
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -156472.4792current temp 325.3404
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -156553.7149current temp 325.3140
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -155853.1916current temp 329.2481
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -155375.1128current temp 329.6095
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154763.1639current temp 331.7313
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503246.97######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503246.97######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=325.3404
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=325.2121
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503247.28######## exchange completed
count=54
exchange count=54
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -156553.7149current temp 325.3140
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -155853.1916current temp 329.2481
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -155375.1128current temp 329.6095
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154763.1639current temp 331.7313
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503279.63######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503279.63######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=329.2481
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=325.3140
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503279.94######## exchange completed
count=55
exchange count=55
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -155375.1128current temp 329.6095
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -154763.1639current temp 331.7313
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503312.3######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503312.3######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=331.7313
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=329.6095
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503312.65######## exchange completed
count=56
exchange count=56
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -159603.1484current temp 315.9089
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503345.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
count=56
exchange count=56
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -159603.1484current temp 315.9089
current state= Done where: replica# is1, current energy: -160020.6214current temp 314.7302
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -161092.7742current temp 310.4498
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -161363.5870current temp 311.9963
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159477.1038current temp 317.0565
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160209.8599current temp 314.7071
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158936.6852current temp 317.9941
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158693.8239current temp 320.1945
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
1-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503377.39######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503377.39######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is1
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=314.7302
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#1whose new temp=315.9089
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503377.7######## exchange completed
count=57
exchange count=57
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -161092.7742current temp 310.4498
current state= Done where: replica# is3, current energy: -161363.5870current temp 311.9963
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159477.1038current temp 317.0565
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160209.8599current temp 314.7071
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158936.6852current temp 317.9941
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158693.8239current temp 320.1945
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
3-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503410.03######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503410.03######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is3
replica for which selection was made2
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=311.9963
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#3whose new temp=310.4498
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503410.34######## exchange completed
count=58
exchange count=58
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159477.1038current temp 317.0565
current state= Done where: replica# is5, current energy: -160209.8599current temp 314.7071
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158936.6852current temp 317.9941
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158693.8239current temp 320.1945
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
5-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503442.69######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503442.69######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is5
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=314.7071
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#5whose new temp=317.0565
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503443.02######## exchange completed
count=59
exchange count=59
current state= New where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158936.6852current temp 317.9941
current state= Done where: replica# is7, current energy: -158693.8239current temp 320.1945
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -158442.4798current temp 319.7080
current state= Running where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is14, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is15, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
7-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
8-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503475.38######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503475.38######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is7
replica for which selection was made6
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=320.1945
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#7whose new temp=317.9941
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503475.67######## exchange completed
count=60
exchange count=60
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is8, current energy: -158442.4798current temp 319.7080
current state= Done where: replica# is9, current energy: -158895.2792current temp 319.2321
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -157983.9193current temp 319.6929
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -157556.4643current temp 322.1980
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -156844.8742current temp 326.4178
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -157861.6286current temp 321.6289
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -156294.1809current temp 326.5435
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -157049.5015current temp 325.7019
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
9-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
10-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503508.05######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503508.05######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is9
replica for which selection was made8
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#8whose new temp=319.2321
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#9whose new temp=319.7080
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503508.36######## exchange completed
count=61
exchange count=61
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is10, current energy: -157983.9193current temp 319.6929
current state= Done where: replica# is11, current energy: -157556.4643current temp 322.1980
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -156844.8742current temp 326.4178
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -157861.6286current temp 321.6289
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -156294.1809current temp 326.5435
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -157049.5015current temp 325.7019
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
11-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
12-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503540.71######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503540.71######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is11
replica for which selection was made10
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#10whose new temp=322.1980
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#11whose new temp=319.6929
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503541.02######## exchange completed
count=62
exchange count=62
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is12, current energy: -156844.8742current temp 326.4178
current state= Done where: replica# is13, current energy: -157861.6286current temp 321.6289
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -156294.1809current temp 326.5435
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -157049.5015current temp 325.7019
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
13-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
14-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503573.37######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503573.37######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is13
replica for which selection was made12
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#12whose new temp=321.6289
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#13whose new temp=326.4178
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503573.7######## exchange completed
count=63
exchange count=63
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is8, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is9, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is10, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is11, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is12, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is13, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is14, current energy: -156294.1809current temp 326.5435
current state= Done where: replica# is15, current energy: -157049.5015current temp 325.7019
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274503606.06######## searching for replica for exchange
15-- replica is in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274503606.06######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is15
replica for which selection was made14
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#14whose new temp=325.7019
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
new temperatures being set, re-launching#15whose new temp=326.5435
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
1274503606.36######## exchange completed
count=64
1274503606.36= end time######################
Cancel Glidin Job
Cancel Glidin Job
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/576fc44e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5643ce3a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/5520555a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/53ef8ce6-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/52dd5072-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/51c34b06-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/50a51628-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4f720a9a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4e2889e8-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4cc840ca-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4b01719e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/492591ac-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/477c566a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4571a78a-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/4346dfc0-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-3375d826-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6/qb1.loni.org/58a1770e-6530-11df-b073-0060dd46c5e6
