Extensible, Scalable, Interoperable Pilot-Abstractions for MapReduce-based 
Applications on Clouds and Grids

Melissa Romanus, Pradeep Mantha, Andre Luckow, Shantenu Jha

The data generated by scientific applications is experiencing an exponential
growth. The efficient use of distributed resources will be the key to making
meaningful sense of all of the data produced. In our recent work we showed how
MapReduce can be used to efficiently process distributed data across on a
distributed set of resources. Pilot-MapReduce (PMR) is a flexible,
infrastructure-independent runtime environment for MapReduce. PMR is based on
Pilot-abstractions for compute (Pilot-Jobs) and data (Pilot-Data). Pilot-Jobs
are used to couple the map phase computation to the nearby source data, and
Pilot-Data is used to move intermediate data using parallel data transfers to
the reduce computation phase.

In this work, we show how Pilot abstractions and PMR enable the efficient
processing of distributed data on heterogeneous distributed infrastructure
including different both science and commercial clouds (e.g. Amazon EC2,
Google Compute Engine and FutureGrid) as well as traditional grids/clusters.
We further show how PMR can efficiently support different infrastructure and
application characteristics, e.g. iterative MapReduce applications. In
particular, we demonstrate how PMR provides an effective mean to
next-generation sequencing applications (NGS) by providing efficiency and
scalability across multiple clusters. We analyze different resource and
MapReduce configurations, such as both hierarchical and iterative MapReduce
using an NGS application. In particular, we investigate typical infrastructure
trade-offs in grids and clouds (e.g. the overhead times in spawning virtual
machines, different storage types, geographic distribution, etc).



