1274441099.47= start time######################
init advert service session at host: fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu
created advert directory for application: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/
use standard proxy
create advert entry: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
Working directory: /work/athota1/new_bigjob/bigjob/agent
Submit pilot job to: gram://eric1.loni.org/jobmanager-pbs
Start Pilot Job/BigJob: /work/athota1/new_bigjob/bigjob/bigjob_agent_launcher.sh at: gram://eric1.loni.org/jobmanager-pbs
Pilot Job/BigJob URL: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org State: Running
init advert service session at host: fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu
created advert directory for application: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/
use standard proxy
create advert entry: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//qb1.loni.org
Working directory: /work/athota1/new_bigjob/bigjob/agent
Submit pilot job to: gram://qb1.loni.org/jobmanager-pbs
Start Pilot Job/BigJob: /work/athota1/new_bigjob/bigjob/bigjob_agent_launcher.sh at: gram://qb1.loni.org/jobmanager-pbs
Pilot Job/BigJob URL: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//qb1.loni.org State: Running
initial temperature has been set for replica id 0with300
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 1with310
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/7fd8303e-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 2with320
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 3with330
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/81e4077c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 4with340
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 5with350
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/83e7ca2c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 6with360
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
initial temperature has been set for replica id 7with370
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//qb1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/85ff8a98-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=0
exchange count=0
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -163871.7674current temp 304.1514
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159014.6800current temp 318.5855
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -154162.5972current temp 334.7486
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149608.7105current temp 346.4720
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
4-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477692.96######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274477692.96######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=318.5855
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=304.1514
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274477693.35######## exchange completed
count=1
exchange count=1
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -154162.5972current temp 334.7486
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -149608.7105current temp 346.4720
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477709.47######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274477709.47######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=346.4720
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=334.7486
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274477709.69######## exchange completed
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=2
exchange count=2
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -159141.8188current temp 317.6605
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -162557.3650current temp 308.2579
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -155578.7084current temp 330.7229
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477838.63######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274477838.63######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=308.2579
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=317.6605
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274477839.06######## exchange completed
count=3
exchange count=3
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -153220.4326current temp 337.9788
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -155578.7084current temp 330.7229
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477855.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274477855.16######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=330.7229
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=337.9788
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274477855.38######## exchange completed
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=4
exchange count=4
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -162135.4815current temp 308.3134
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159809.3243current temp 315.4472
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274477984.35######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274477984.35######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=315.4472
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=308.3134
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274477984.87######## exchange completed
count=5
exchange count=5
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -156556.3407current temp 327.2543
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -154672.9565current temp 332.2276
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478001.04######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478001.04######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=332.2276
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=327.2543
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478001.29######## exchange completed
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=6
exchange count=6
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160069.8204current temp 315.5914
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -161776.8072current temp 310.3670
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157495.6596current temp 325.1623
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478130.17######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478130.17######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=310.3670
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=315.5914
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478130.45######## exchange completed
count=7
exchange count=7
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -155884.4228current temp 329.7975
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -157495.6596current temp 325.1623
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478146.58######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478146.58######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=325.1623
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=329.7975
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478146.82######## exchange completed
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=8
exchange count=8
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -161489.0521current temp 309.9971
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159994.6211current temp 317.1059
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -156109.4710current temp 329.0674
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478275.88######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478275.88######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=317.1059
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=309.9971
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478276.12######## exchange completed
count=9
exchange count=9
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -157681.8649current temp 323.1454
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -156109.4710current temp 329.0674
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478292.25######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478292.25######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=329.0674
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=323.1454
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478292.53######## exchange completed
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=10
exchange count=10
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -159641.5300current temp 315.6696
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -161278.6897current temp 310.6357
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158569.6408current temp 320.5767
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478421.53######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478421.53######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=310.6357
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=315.6696
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478421.78######## exchange completed
count=11
exchange count=11
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -156806.4907current temp 324.2872
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158569.6408current temp 320.5767
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478437.92######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478437.92######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=320.5767
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=324.2872
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478438.15######## exchange completed
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=12
exchange count=12
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -161072.9310current temp 312.8572
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159657.8859current temp 317.5183
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478567.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478567.13######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=317.5183
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=312.8572
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478567.36######## exchange completed
count=13
exchange count=13
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158946.5802current temp 320.4850
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158125.1449current temp 318.8707
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478583.52######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478583.52######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=318.8707
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=320.4850
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478583.75######## exchange completed
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=14
exchange count=14
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160137.8303current temp 315.5779
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -160614.0123current temp 312.8141
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158702.4209current temp 319.0313
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478712.81######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478712.81######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=312.8141
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=315.5779
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478713.04######## exchange completed
count=15
exchange count=15
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159415.7291current temp 317.2829
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158702.4209current temp 319.0313
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478729.15######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478729.15######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=319.0313
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=317.2829
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478729.41######## exchange completed
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=16
exchange count=16
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160838.2881current temp 312.9121
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -160253.1317current temp 314.7737
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478858.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478858.42######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=314.7737
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=312.9121
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478858.72######## exchange completed
count=17
exchange count=17
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159337.6833current temp 318.2792
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -159164.1726current temp 319.2466
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274478874.87######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274478874.87######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=319.2466
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=318.2792
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274478875.12######## exchange completed
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=18
exchange count=18
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160167.4013current temp 313.4710
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -160862.3480current temp 313.9261
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -159277.4862current temp 318.3085
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479004.08######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479004.08######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=313.9261
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=313.4710
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479004.33######## exchange completed
count=19
exchange count=19
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159001.3526current temp 320.8134
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -159277.4862current temp 318.3085
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479020.48######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479020.48######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=318.3085
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=320.8134
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479020.7######## exchange completed
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=20
exchange count=20
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160418.6794current temp 315.0392
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -160768.0439current temp 314.5551
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.74######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.74######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.75######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479149.75######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479149.75######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=314.5551
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=315.0392
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479150.04######## exchange completed
count=21
exchange count=21
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158919.8826current temp 317.2320
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -158932.1276current temp 318.7319
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479166.16######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479166.16######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=318.7319
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=317.2320
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479166.38######## exchange completed
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=22
exchange count=22
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160338.5000current temp 314.9808
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -160133.9276current temp 315.5630
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -159667.6218current temp 315.6984
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479295.33######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479295.33######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=315.5630
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=314.9808
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479295.58######## exchange completed
count=23
exchange count=23
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= New where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -158992.4114current temp 319.1042
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -159667.6218current temp 315.6984
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479311.7######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479311.7######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=315.6984
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=319.1042
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479311.91######## exchange completed
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=24
exchange count=24
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160156.4585current temp 316.4389
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -160250.6478current temp 316.1201
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479440.83######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479440.83######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=316.1201
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=316.4389
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479441.14######## exchange completed
count=25
exchange count=25
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160232.8236current temp 315.4682
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -159415.1045current temp 319.0461
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479457.27######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479457.27######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=319.0461
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=315.4682
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479457.53######## exchange completed
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=26
exchange count=26
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160032.7906current temp 315.5288
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159704.1304current temp 316.6768
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -160338.9478current temp 315.1199
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479586.44######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479586.44######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=316.6768
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=315.5288
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479586.67######## exchange completed
count=27
exchange count=27
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -159580.5163current temp 314.8518
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -160338.9478current temp 315.1199
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479602.79######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479602.79######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=315.1199
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=314.8518
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479603.02######## exchange completed
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=28
exchange count=28
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -159445.2744current temp 318.3339
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159894.0114current temp 317.0297
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479732.01######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479732.01######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=317.0297
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=318.3339
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479732.29######## exchange completed
count=29
exchange count=29
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160146.7545current temp 315.3450
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -160037.1485current temp 316.6498
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479748.42######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479748.42######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=316.6498
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=315.3450
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479748.65######## exchange completed
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Running where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is6, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
count=30
exchange count=30
current state= Done where: replica# is0, current energy: -160038.6249current temp 314.4281
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is2, current energy: -159555.3831current temp 315.9955
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is4, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -160574.0228current temp 314.4525
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
2-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479877.74######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479877.74######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is2
replica for which selection was made0
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#0whose new temp=315.9955
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#2whose new temp=314.4281
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479878.01######## exchange completed
count=31
exchange count=31
current state= Unknown where: replica# is0, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is1, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Running where: replica# is2, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Unknown where: replica# is3, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is4, current energy: -160285.1741current temp 314.4914
current state= Unknown where: replica# is5, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
current state= Done where: replica# is6, current energy: -160574.0228current temp 314.4525
current state= Unknown where: replica# is7, current energy: unknown energycurrent temp unknown temp
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
checking the same replica
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
6-- replica is in Done state
found a replica in Done state, looking for other replicas in Done state
1274479894.13######## searching for replica for exchange
no other replicas in Done state
possible replicas for exchange found
1274479894.13######## replica selected for exchange
replica chosen for exchange is6
replica for which selection was made4
assigning the new temepratures and re-starting the replicas
new temperatures being set, re-launching#4whose new temp=314.4525
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
new temperatures being set, re-launching#6whose new temp=314.4914
submit job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2//eric1.loni.org
create job entry 
initialized advert directory for job: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
1274479894.36######## exchange completed
count=32
1274479894.36= end time######################
Cancel Glidin Job
Cancel Glidin Job
Cancel Glidin Job
Cancel Glidin Job
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/84c29800-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/83e7ca2c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/82af71e6-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/81e4077c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/80a54376-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/7fd8303e-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7db6bc44-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/eric1.loni.org/7e914634-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
delete job and close dirs: advert://fortytwo.cct.lsu.edu/BigJob/BigJob-7e21502c-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2/qb1.loni.org/85ff8a98-64cb-11df-ba70-0060dd46c5e2
