An increasing number of computational scientists across all domains have the
potential use-cases and requirements to use multiple distributed HPC and
storage resources concurrently in order to scale-out their applications both,
on the data and on the compute axis.  However, inhomogeneous access methods,
software stacks and middleware services still present a major barrier to
cross-resource interoperability.

We present SAGA-Bliss, a distributed computing package for Python and BigJob, a
pilot-job framework implemented on top of it. We show how SAGA-Bliss and BigJob
can be used in two different modes: (A) by application developers to implement
novel application architectures, abstractions and frameworks and (B) by
computational scientists to distribute and run large number of jobs and their
associated data concurrently across multiple HPC resources. SAGA-Bliss and
BigJob are both, practical tools for and research platforms to explore new
aspects of applied distributed computing in heterogeneous environments.

SAGA-Bliss (https://github.com/saga-project/bliss):

SAGA-Bliss is a light-weight Python package that implements parts of the OGF
GFD.90 SAGA interface specification and provides plug-ins for different
distributed middleware systems and services. SAGA-Bliss implements the most
commonly used features of GFD.90 based upon extensive use-case analysis,
usability and simple deployment in real-world heterogeneous distributed
computing environments and application scenarios. 

Currently, SAGA-Bliss implements the job and the file management core APIs as
well as the resource management API extension.  SAGA-Bliss provides a
plug-in mechanism to connect with different middleware systems and back-ends.
The latest version of SAGA-Bliss provides job and file management plug-ins for
SSH, SFTP, the HPC scheduling systems PBS, Torque and SGE (locally and remotely
- tunneled via SSH), as well as a resource management plug-in for Eucalyptus
(EC2) clouds. SAGA-Bliss can be used to access distributed cyberinfrastructure
like XSEDE, LONI and FutureGrid, as well as clouds and local clusters.


BigJob (https://github.com/saga-project/BigJob):

BigJob is a Pythoh pilot-job framework implemented on top of SAGA.  Pilot-jobs
provide a flexible and dynamic execution model by decoupling workload
submission from resource assignment, which allows the distributed scale-out of
applications on multiple, potentially heterogeneous resources. Another
important advantage of this approach is that aggregated queue waiting times,
which often contribute significantly to the overall time-to-completion of
many-job workloads, can be severely reduced.

BigJob supports a wide range of application types and can be used over a broad
range of infrastructures, including XSEDE, OSG, FutureGrid and LONI. Unlike
other pilot-job systems, BigJob natively supports MPI jobs and works on a
variety of different back-end systems, a capability generally inherent to
systems and frameworks building on top of the SAGA interface and corresponding
implementations. BigJob has been used to support Molecular Biophysics,
Computational Chemistry, Statistical Physics and Computer Science on XSEDE,
LONI and other distributed infrastructures. 
